README.md, before:

# KitchenMate Mobile App



## Project Overview

KitchenMate is a mobile application designed to help users discover, share, and organize recipes. This repository contains the source code, resources, and documentation related to the development of the mobile client for the app.



## Features

- **Recipe Discovery**: Allows users to explore recipes by categories and tags.
- **Create and Customize Recipes**: Users can create their own recipes, customize ingredients, and steps.
- **Shopping Lists**: Automatically generates shopping lists based on the ingredients of selected recipes.
- **Community Collaboration**: KitchenMate fosters a community where both beginners and experienced cooks can help each other, share tips, and improve their culinary skills together.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: An intuitive and easy-to-use design to enhance the user experience.



## Tech Stack

- **Language**: Dart
- **Framework**: Flutter
- **Backend**: ...
- **Database**: ...



## Installation

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following tools installed on your machine:

- [Flutter SDK](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
- [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) or [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the Flutter and Dart extensions.



### Cloning the Repository

1. Clone this repository to your local machine using Git:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your_username/KitchenMate.git](https://github.com/KitchenMatePuj/MOBILE-Project.git



## APK Download

You can download and install the latest version of the KitchenMate Mobile App directly on your Android device.

  [Download KitchenMate APK](https://github.com/KitchenMatePuj/MOBILE-Project/releases/download/latest/app-release.apk)

> **Note**: The APK file is located in the `build/app/outputs/flutter-apk/` folder and includes:
> - `app-release.apk`: The application package to install on Android devices.
> - `app-release.apk.sha1`: A hash file for verifying the integrity of the APK.

After downloading the APK, install it on your Android device by enabling "Unknown Sources" in your device settings if required.



## Authors

- **Miguel Angel Uribe Villada** (Mobile Frontend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/MiguelUribeVillada)
- **Luisa Fernanda Quintero Ramírez** (Web Frontend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/Luquinra)
- **Tomás Henrique Martínez** (Backend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/iTMG22)
- **Carlos De Silvestri** (Backend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/MrDesilvestri)

Commit message:

Actualización README y primer versión Beta subida a 'release'

README.md, after:

# KitchenMate Mobile App



## Project Overview

KitchenMate is a mobile application designed to help users discover, share, and organize recipes. This repository contains the source code, resources, and documentation related to the development of the mobile client for the app.



## Features

- **Recipe Discovery**: Allows users to explore recipes by categories and tags.
- **Create and Customize Recipes**: Users can create their own recipes, customize ingredients, and steps.
- **Shopping Lists**: Automatically generates shopping lists based on the ingredients of selected recipes.
- **Community Collaboration**: KitchenMate fosters a community where both beginners and experienced cooks can help each other, share tips, and improve their culinary skills together.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: An intuitive and easy-to-use design to enhance the user experience.



## Tech Stack

- **Language**: Dart
- **Framework**: Flutter
- **Backend**: ...
- **Database**: ...



## Installation

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following tools installed on your machine:

- [Flutter SDK](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install)
- [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio) or [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with the Flutter and Dart extensions.



### Cloning the Repository

1. Clone this repository to your local machine using Git:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your_username/KitchenMate.git](https://github.com/KitchenMatePuj/MOBILE-Project.git



## APK Download

You can download and install different versions of the KitchenMate Mobile App directly on your Android device. Below is a list of available APKs:

- [**Version BETA 1.0**](https://github.com/KitchenMatePuj/MOBILE-Project/releases/download/latest/KitchenMate_Beta1.apk)

> **Note**: 
> - The APK file for each release includes:
>   - `KitchenMate_BetaX.apk`: The application package to install on Android devices.
> - For verifying the integrity of the APK, you can also download the `.sha1` hash file provided in the release.

After downloading the APK, install it on your Android device by enabling "Unknown Sources" in your device settings if required.



## Authors

- **Miguel Angel Uribe Villada** (Mobile Frontend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/MiguelUribeVillada)
- **Luisa Fernanda Quintero Ramírez** (Web Frontend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/Luquinra)
- **Tomás Henrique Martínez** (Backend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/iTMG22)
- **Carlos De Silvestri** (Backend Developer) - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/MrDesilvestri)
